hey guys what's going on Cisco from
right here and I'm joined by why mom say
hello hello and we're just doing a
ticket video about basic powwow or
medium power or just epic power
basically alright so on so over here
we're just going to show you what we're
gonna show you how to build basically
these are all what are these women these
a geothermal you know yeah all right
which I have full of lava cells in them
okay and basically that goes down and
into our power source which holds a lot
of power into a high transport egde
which turns a medium medium sorry medium
and then the mediums came to an MFE
which is another power supply where we
have more power stored and also we
charge all their stuff in to a low and
all to our master aiders and furnaces
and everything like that so you'll build
up so our here is basically everything
you're going to need you're gonna need a
geothermal generator
an electric furnace MV transformer and
LV transformer and mfsu MFE a glass
fiber cable a lava cell at time are a
transpose are a panic pneumatic
pneumatic tube redstone tube a stone
jacket wire and as you collect our
energy condenser and some sort of
blockers on son and I chose stone
alright let's get building we have for
geothermal cabling and your mfsu and a
bit of cabling then your NV e writes for
moi then your cable and then your low
transformer and cabling for the wind and
your machines that you want to power
backs to get you started now if you want
to do you want to do all the lava cells
by yourself and that go for it but today
we're gonna show you how to do it
automatic we so you want
to grab some tubing and redstone and
that all this stuff in here like it and
you want to get more normal tubing place
it underneath it and you want to
and then you want to have your
Transposer
and your energy condenser and then why
you be a bitch minecraft and then your
energy Clint collector and then you want
to get a lot of a sell place that in
there and the better energy tip
collector you have the better energy yet
pretty much basically get a redstone one
a red man red matter one sorry so which
will make it fast I like that yeah and
then you want to go ahead and put a
timer down and that will they should
pump the lava cells into not that into
there as you can see it's starting to
get power there and FSU's speeding up
powering up and our furnaces have power
that's pretty much how you get unlimited
power the more G of them was you have
the more power you make quicker and yeah
that's it yeah so guys check out
everything in the description please
like comment subscribe share the video
share with your friends do everything
you could possibly can and yeah so hope
you guys enjoyed the video and stay
tuned for more ticket videos coming out
soon these are the basics and yeah hope
you enjoy